Anthropic message normalization (#537)
AbanteAI/mentat: docs/source/user/alternative_models.rst

.. warning::
    Due to changes in the OpenAI Python SDK, you can no longer use :code:`OPENAI_API_BASE` to access the Azure API with Mentat.

Anthropic
---------

> Mentat uses the OpenAI SDK to retrieve chat completions. This means that setting the `OPENAI_API_BASE` environment variable is enough to use any model that has the same response schema as OpenAI. To use models with different response schemas, we recommend setting up a litellm proxy as described `here <https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/proxy/quick_start>`__ and pointing `OPENAI_API_BASE` to the proxy. For example with anthropic:

Reviewer: Isn't the example below with `OPENAI_API_BASE=http://localhost:8000` sufficient?

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install 'litellm[proxy]'
    export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=sk-*************
    litellm --model claude-3-opus-2024-0229 --drop_params
    # Should see: Uvicorn running on http://0.0.0.0:8000

.. code-block:: bash

    # In ~/.mentat/.env
    OPENAI_API_BASE=http://localhost:8000
    # In ~/.mentat/.mentat_config.json
    { "model": "claude" }
    # or
    export OPENAI_API_BASE=http://localhost:8000
    mentat

.. note::

>    Anthropic has slightly different requirements for system messages so you must set your model to a string with "claude" in it. Other than that it isn't important as the exact model is set by the litellm proxy server flag.

Reviewer: the users don't need to worry about how the system messages are handled, we handle that. the important thing here is that the users set the model to contain the name "claude" in it, so that know it's an anthropic model and can modify how we do system messages. Given that info, can you suggest an alternative for this line? us the suggestion syntax

>    Anthropic has slightly different requirements for system messages so you must set your model to a string with "claude" in it. Other than that it isn't important as the exact model is set by the litellm proxy server flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To ensure compatibility with Anthropic models, it's crucial to include "claude" in your model's name. This naming convention signals Mentat to apply specific handling for system messages, aligning with Anthropic's requirements. You'll set the exact model when you start the llm proxy.
```
